Assalamualaikum,Sir,We are From H group with 3 members,each member was committed to end each part such as 1.backend 2.frontend 3.database[securtiy],I have done/doing my parts,the project is going to be finished after the EID but facing Errors [i guess for database], and i hope after the EID we will be able to work for the https login system also



Branch Module :

The main purpose for developing this module is to manage the branch data wise. Barch is an important module in this project Automatic Question Paper Generator which we have developed on php, JSP and MySQL. Here students can get online java projects with database free download. So all branches will be managed by admin and teacher will be able able to see branch list. Admin and Teacher can easily add new branch. Admin can see the list of branch and filter it according to the teacher.

Features of Branch Module:

    Admin can manage the branch
    Admin can edit/delete the branch
    Admin can see the list of all branch
    Teacher can see branch

Course Module :

The main purpose for developing this module is to manage the courses. Here students get easy projects with database. So all courses will be managed by admin and teacher will be see all courses.

Features of Course Module:

    Admin can manage the course
    Admin can edit/delete the course
    Admin can see the list of all course
    Teacher can see his course
Questions Module :

The main purpose of this module is provide all the functionality realted to questions. It tracks all the information and details of the questions. We have developed all type of CRUD (Create, Read, Update and Delete) operations of the questions. Teacher can search any level of questions and add any type of question.

Features of Question Module:

    Admin can add new question records
    Admin can see the list of question details
    Only admin can edit and update the record of the question
    Admin will be able to delete the records of the question
    All question forms are validated on client side using JavaScript

Difficult Level Module :

The main purpose for developing this module is to manage the difficult level question. Here you can free download java software projects, the project including final year academic application. So all difficult level question will be managed by admin and teacher will be able to see all the information about difficult level.

Features of Difficult Level Module:

    Admin can manage the difficult level
    Admin can edit/delete the difficult level
    Admin can see the list of all difficult level
    Teacher can see difficult level

Semester Module :

The main aim for developing this module is to manage the semester data wise. Our website Freeprojectz.com contains free download easy java projects. So all insecticide will be managed by admin and teacher will be able to see all the information about semester.

Features of Semester Module:

    Admin can manage the semester
    Admin can edit/delete the semester
    Admin can see the list of all semester
    Customer can see semester

Subject Module :

The main aim for developing this module is to manage the subject data wise. Here you can free download java software projects. So all subjects will be managed by admin teacher will be able able to see all the information about subject.

Features of Subject Module:

    Admin can manage the subject
    Admin can edit/delete the subject
    Admin can see the list of all subject
    Customer can see subject

Functionality performed by Admin user:

These are the functionality performed by the admin users.

    Login For Admin
    Forgot password for Admin
    Edit Profile For Admin
    Change Password For Admin
    Logout Functionality
    Dashboard for Admin User
    Manage Branch
        Adding New Branch
        Edit the Exitinng Branch
        View details of the Branch
        Listing of all Branch
    Manage Course
        Adding New Course
        Edit the Exiting Course
        View details of the Course
        Listing of all Course
    Manage Difficult Level
        Adding New Difficult Level
        Edit the Exiting Difficult Level
        View details of the Difficult Level
        Listing of all Difficult Level
    Manage Question
        Adding New Question
        Edit the Exiting Question
        View details of the Question
        Listing of all Question
    Manage Semester
        Adding New Semester
        Edit the Exiting Semester
        View details of the Semester
        Listing of all
    Manage Subject
        Adding New Subject
        Edit the Exiting Subject
        View details of the Subject
        Listing of all Subject
    Manage System User
        Adding New System User
        Edit the Exiting System User
        View details of the System User
        Listing of all System User
    Reports of the project Automatic Question Paper Generator
        Report of all Branches
        Report of all Courses
        Report of all Difficult Levels
        Report of all Questions
        Report of all Semesters
        Report of all Subjects
        Report of all System Users

Functionality performed by Teacher user:

    Teacher Login : This is the login form, from where teacher can login into the system
    Teacher Question Paper Generation : Teacher will be able to add the question paper from this form.
    Generated Question Paper Form : This is the generated question paper form, from where teacher will choose the difficult level question and enter the question their available in the system
    Change Password : This is the change password module from where teacher change his account password.

Technology Used in the project Automatic Question Paper Generator

We have developed this project using the below technology

    HTML : Page layout has been designed in HTML
    CSS : CSS has been used for all the desigining part
    JavaScript : All the validation task and animations has been developed by JavaScript
    PHP : All the bussiness logic has been written in Java
    MySQL : MySQL database has been used as database for the project
    XAMPP : Project will be run over the Tomcat server

TESTED/EDITED on WINDOWS 10